Hey there, and welcome to Soul Church.
Our prayer is that this message encourages you wherever you may be in life.
We've been hearing so many stories about what God is doing in people's lives, and we'd love to hear yours.
So take a second and send your story to stories at soulchurch.com.
Thanks again for joining us today, and we hope that you enjoy the message.
God bless.
Lord, as we receive your word today,
As we hear vision for the year, fresh vision, pray, Father God, that we wouldn't just hear it, we'd run with it.
Or this wouldn't just be a word, it wouldn't just be information, but it would be something that we take hold of today.
It would light a fresh fire in our hearts.
I know many people have been serving Jesus in this room for decades and decades, but today would be a new day.
For those who are new to faith, Father God, that faith would continue to ignite and grow.
and strengthen in Jesus name.
Amen.
Come on, let's thank God.
You may be seated.
A huge welcome to our online community.
So great that you're with us.
It's busy Sunday.
We've had to open the field next door.
It's incredible what God is doing.
All right, you're ready for the Word of God.
Chantal and I love this church.
We need you to know that.
We love you dearly and we love pastoring you.
We love preaching and teaching God's Word.
We love our staff, our dream team.
But our deepest passion is lost people finding Christ.
When people come to the front, when people lift up their hands, when Jimmy or one of the team on a Friday night or in kids, the teams respond to the gospel, it lights a fire that nothing else can.
in our lives.
And the UK has not been as hungry for the gospel in our lifetimes.
There is an awakening happening, a great awakening happening to Christianity right now.
I've lived through, in my lifetime I've lived through the sexual revolution, the cultural revolution, the digital revolution, and now we are experiencing a Jesus revolution.
Generations have prayed for this moment.
On Thursday night, at Seoul Central, I walked in and there was 104 people off the back of the wonder and there was 104 people on Alpha Course, again, which is the record.
We've never seen anything like that.
75 people in the Bible study.
People couldn't get in the room to study the Bible.
When I grew up, that wasn't happening.
You'd find every excuse possible not to.
Now people are desperate.
to hear the word of God.
And the leading demographic in the UK church right now is Gen Z males.
They said that Gen Z would be the first atheistic generation and they got it wrong.
This is the revival generation.
I'll tell you what, you are the revival generation.
To every student, young and old, you are the revival generation.
There is a stirring happening.
People are hungrier than ever for the Bible, for the Word of God.
So every year, Chantal and I, we seek God, we pray, and we ask God, what is the specific direction for our church for the new year?
Last year was choose joy, and it was fantastic, even though it was challenging.
And it's not that we're not gonna choose joy for 2026, keep choosing joy.
And it's not we did advance the couple of years before, you gotta keep advancing in life.
So none of these words stop.
I think there needs to be a fresh sense of God, what are you saying this year?
And so our key passage for 2026 comes from Matthew 28, verse 16.
It's known as the Great Commission.
It cured just after Christ's resurrection, it occurred on a mountain in Galilee, and this was Christ's final instructions before his ascension to his disciples and to the people.
It says, then the 11 disciples
went to Galilee to the mountain where Jesus had told them to go and when they saw him, they worshiped him, but some doubted.
Then Jesus came to them and said, all authority in heaven on earth has been given to me.
Come on, let's now read this together.
Therefore go and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, the Son, and of the Holy Spirit, and teaching them to obey everything I have commanded you.
and surely I am with you always to the very end of the age.
When we read this passage, we felt a stirring clearly to gather the church back to the great commission, that his commission would become our mission.
This was Christ's last command that we need to make our first priority.
Our theme for 20 years
26 is we're on mission.
As a church, we're on mission.
We're not on our own mission, we're on his mission, which is the great commission, to go into all the world and make disciples of all nations, baptize Him in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit, and do not fear for He is with us always, even to the end of the age.
This is our mission.
2026, will you choose to accept?
I believe that 2026, not just for soul church, but for the church in the United Kingdom, will be an awakening of the Great Commission.
And so we're going to align and refocus that we are a mission focused church.
2026 will be the return of the Great Commission.
his mission to the church.
A church on mission doesn't believe that we just exist for ourselves, but we exist for our city, our county, our nation, and our world.
We are a great commission church.
Now the challenge for the church is our tendency is we gather, but God's called us to go.
There's a difference between gathering and going.
This is a gathering of believers.
And I think it's fantastic.
And Jesus gathered, constantly gathered His disciples.
They met in the upper room.
They went to the courts.
They went to the temple.
They went to all those places.
But Jesus said, it's not just about gathering, it's about going.
And so as a church, we've been really good at gathering and we're going to stay good at gathering.
But this next 12 months, we're going to focus on going.
You see, gathering is actually a lot easier than going.
But God has called us to go.
Now, I love this nation.
A lot of people have written the nation off, but I haven't.
I'm a patriot of the United Kingdom.
But I am absolutely convinced the best thing for our country right now is a Christ-centered, healthy, vibrant, life-giving, mission-focused church.
The best thing.
The health of the United Kingdom is directly connected to the church on mission.
We can criticize and we can get frustrated and we can get angry about so many issues.
The reality is the only hope left for the nation of England, the United Kingdom, is a church united through Jesus Christ.
The church should be casting a shadow on the nation, not the nation casting a shadow
on the church.
We're going to do that this year as we buy wheelchairs for children in the community foundation.
What we do in the church is casting a shadow saying, we see you.
We see you as we help a family in crisis in our community who've lost a loved one.
We send money to support.
What are we doing?
We're saying, we see you.
We see you.
We're not just gathering.
We're going.
We're not just here to gather where God's call us to go.
I believe the shadow of the church should be creating justice, mercy and compassion.
People who live to undermine the church need to be careful because if you take away from this, if you take away the church from this nation, it will fall quickly.
It will fall.
Why?
Because the church is the bedrock of society.
It is the foundation of community.
Conservative estimation says the local church in the United Kingdom adds 55 billion pounds in social and economic value.
That's huge.
That's what we bring to our cities.
And I believe that God has called us to be stewards of the church for this generation.
So here's our word for the year.
We're on mission.
and our nation needs us on mission, but every mission needs a mandate.
And I want to share real quick three mandates for us to run with to see whether you choose to accept it.
Number one is our mission begins with vision.
Mission begins with vision.
At the very start of Jesus ministry, before he said, go into all the world,
The very start, one of his opening lines in John chapter 4, verse 35, he said to his disciples, he says, open your eyes.
Open your eyes, soul church.
And look at the city.
It is ripe for harvest.
Norwich and Norfolk is ready.
We are ready.
Chroma is ready.
Deiram is ready.
Great Yarmith is ready.
It is ready for a harvest.
But we've got to open our eyes to see what God wants to do.
We cannot reach what we cannot see.
And mission always begins with vision.
Before God ever sends us on anything, he shows us.
And so if we stop seeing it, we'll stop going.
Do we still see the poverty around us?
Do we see the brokenness, the hurt?
Do we see the lost or do we choose just to gather and stay comfortable and stationary?
The question is,
our eyes open.
This series and this whole year is going to be built around this theme on mission, but one of the things it will do is it will cause us to open our eyes, to open our eyes.
Because if we don't see the city, the families, the brokenness, the lost, who will see them?
Who will see them?
Matthew 936 says, Jesus saw the crowds and he was moved with compassion.
See, the older we get in our faith, we forget what life was like before Jesus.
Some of you have been serving Jesus a long time, and I commend you.
Some of it's 50, 60, even up to 70 years, you've been serving Jesus.
You've been coming to church.
You've heard more sermons you can remember.
You know what happens when you serve Jesus a long, long time?
You stop seeing.
You continue to gather, but you stop going.
And then people who come and they find Christ for the first time and their eyes are open.
Next week, they've got three new people with them.
You ever seen that?
They've got three, you know, like, oh, I haven't brought anyone to church in 10 years because you've stopped seeing.
You're gathering, but you're not going.
God wants us this year to be aware
of the need around us.
You see, when we stop seeing, we stop going.
I encourage you, don't stop your children from seeing things, from seeing poverty and seeing pain.
You know, we can shoulder our kids so much, they don't see it.
You see, we're never responsible for what we don't see.
Say that again.
We're never responsible for what we don't see.
Take your children and speak to a homeless person.
Let your children hear their story.
Let them listen.
Let them take them a cake, a sausage drop.
Listen to them.
It's not enough for us just to see poverty for a screen or a brochure.
We've got to see poverty.
We've got to look into the eyes of someone who's lost and broken and hurting.
And we've got to see and feel what they're seeing and what they're feeling.
We never feel responsible for what we cannot see.
When I was 17, I can't even believe my mom and dad let me do this, but went to Nigeria for three months, 17.
Put me on a plane and no phones, by the way.
We had one phone call in three months.
We had to travel two hours to a phone box.
Three minutes we got.
We spent half the call going, can you hear me?
You there?
Hello?
I'm like, Mom, we've got to have to get on with this quick.
We're alive.
You know when we went,
When Graham Hollinger and I, we went to Nigeria and we saw children in the school dying of malaria, passing away.
I saw it.
Something got inside of me when we moved to South Africa and I love Africa.
I love the nation of Africa.
Chantal and I are traveling to Uganda soon because we want to see the work that is continuing through our church in Uganda.
And I want my kids to see it.
Don't shelter your kids from pain.
I'm not talking about putting them in danger.
I'm talking about letting them see it because if they don't see it, they'll never have an opportunity to change it.
You know, we don't even have to go as far as Africa to see poverty.
There's lost people all around us.
The person at work at the desk that's going through a divorce, the friend at school who's been constantly bullied, the homeless person on our streets,
You see, if we choose not to see it, we don't have to do anything about it.
I believe this church has actually been marked.
John Drake gave me a word when we first saw a soldier.
He said, John God has marked this church for the city.
He was right.
We've been marked.
And we can either just keep gathering or we can gather and go.
It's our choice.
Too many churches just gavel without going.
When you gavel without going, you end up squabbling.
You end up fighting, because you see all the problems within.
But when you go, suddenly the problem outside your walls is bigger than one inside your walls.
God has called us to go.
And this is our first mandate, give me eyes to see.
Our mission begins with vision.
Number two is that our mission is focused on what is lost.
Give me a wave of your easily distracted.
Where's all the easily distracted people?
Now give me a wave if you are not easily distracted, but you're distracted by everyone who's easily distracted.
But why do they keep walking it out?
Why do they keep, just focus.
So we're all distracted, yes.
So we're either distracted or distracted by the people who distract us.
Now I'm easily distracted.
If you didn't know, now you do.
Do you know Jesus?
One of his qualities, one of Jesus' qualities was he was easily distracted.
Do you know what distracted people?
What distracted Jesus was lost people.
Throughout the Bible he raised from the dead and he got distracted.
He was everywhere he went, he got distracted because he just loved people.
Luke 19, 10.
This was the only time in Scripture that we actually read.
What was the mission of Christ?
The only one thing he ever told, what was his mission on earth?
This is what he said.
He said, for the son of man came to seek, hang on, wait for this, to see, number one, man in number one, and to save, to go.
His mission is our mission, to seek and to save that which is lost.
Now write this down, we're always distracted by what's lost.
Who's ever lost their phone or their remote control down the side of the couch?
Who knows in the moment when the phone and the remote is down the side of the couch, you're not thinking, I'm so glad I've found a couch.
You ain't worried about the couch.
You're worried about the remote.
All you can think about is the distraction of the remote.
You'll walk past all the found things in your life to find the lost thing.
If you lose your keys, you will search your house up and down to fight, try and find what is lost, and you do not care about what's been found."
This is what Jesus was saying.
So many times in church, we get obsessed with what's already been found.
Well, they didn't see my favorite song today.
Songs are too new, songs are too old, songs are too loud, songs are too soft.
I get the emails.
And what we do is we get obsessed with the found things.
And does it mean that Jesus doesn't love us and care about us?
Of course he does.
He's obsessed with what's been lost.
Just like you and I, when we lose something and we become obsessed in that moment by what is lost, Jesus is obsessed with your friend at work who's lost.
Obsessed.
He said, I've come to seek and to save the found.
No, he said, the lost.
Here's some breaking news.
Heaven is my eternal home and every problem on earth will be fixed.
Every single problem you're worried about right now is done in heaven.
Finished.
You are going to live healthy.
You're going to live forever.
You're going to live strong.
I'm not going to go into any more details because my theology will go wrong, but it's going to be good.
You ain't got to worry about heaven.
And it's not that Jesus doesn't care about the 99.
It's just that he's obsessed and distracted by the one.
A wonder of the one still distracts you.
A wonder of the one still moves us.
A wonder of the one person in the cafe after the service who's sitting there alone.
A wonder if you still see them or are you obsessed with the found people in your group?
I wonder if the person sitting alone in church still distracts you, but you've got to get to the cool clan.
Do you see what I'm saying?
Are we obsessed with the found or obsessed with the lost?
Because Jesus came to seek and to save the lost.
My ticket's in my hand.
I know where I'm going.
If I never heard another sermon, I'm good.
I don't need your next podcast.
I'm good.
I know where I'm going.
I have one mission on this earth, which is the great commission, to take as many people with me to my heavily destination as I can.
I'm going to brag on one of our elders.
She's our good friend, Sharon Hollinger.
She is incredible at finding the one.
We had them over the other night.
We were talking about these things.
You know, every Sunday she brings someone to church.
Someone in her workplace or her work world that's maybe going for a challenge or interested or just asking questions about life.
She talked 10 people that she's found, have found Christ from her world since we started church.
I'm thinking this is just amazing.
And she'll tell you herself, the religious stuff in church just is like war off a duck.
But she is obsessed with people who were lost.
I wonder whether you're obsessed with what's found or what's been lost.
I've been so challenged by this thought.
I couldn't sleep on Friday night when I got this revelation that Jesus is obsessed by what's lost.
But I spend so much of my worry and my care on what's been found.
Now, Jesus wants us to grow in Him and be discipled.
He wants us to go to conferences and events so we have our faith renewed and we get a fresh fire and our belly and all those things.
He's not against any of those things.
He just wants you to know that you're on mission to seek and to save the lost.
So as our church this year, our mission is to focus on what is lost, our prayer mission, our mission, our giving, our teaching.
We're going to go after the lost at all costs.
Now, you might not believe what I'm about to say, but I do, because it's in the Scriptures.
Everything is signaling right now.
Across the earth to the return of Jesus Christ.
Everything.
Kind of weirds us out when we talk about it, because we're like, oh, what does that mean?
And we'd prefer not even to talk about it.
But I'm not an eschatologist, a big eschatologist.
I don't have the knowledge and all that.
I leave it to the others, but I full on believing it.
Jesus is coming back again.
He's coming back again.
People just need to hear the good news.
People ask me a lot, where do I get my drive from?
And I thought about that a lot over Christmas.
You know, my biggest drive comes from lost people.
It's the fact that we have an opportunity in this city to share the good news.
And I'm actually, when I reflected on this, I'm actually not at my happiest preaching here.
I love preaching to the sheep.
I love preaching to you guys.
I'm at my happiest when I'm in a room of unchurched people who are lost, and I get to share my story.
That's where I'm at my absolute fulfillment fulfilled.
I've led people to church in a gym.
I was one of my close friend Spencer.
I led him to the Lord in a sauna.
We're in a sauna.
I was like, how are you guys?
My life's a mess.
And then I shared the gospel, he started crying, it was a big mess.
And we led into the Lord and the Son, his family is now in church.
We're not just talking about bringing people to church.
We're talking about actually how do we help you go on mission this year in leading someone to Christ.
You know, some people don't even know how to do it.
I feel responsible as a pastor.
We're actually going to help the church this year.
We're going to empower you and educate and train you and disciple you to lead somebody to Jesus where you grab their hand in a restaurant and you say, can I lead you to Jesus?
Time is close.
Jesus modeled this on the cross.
The fees are on the cross.
He turned to one, he ignored him.
He turned to the other.
He knew his time was close.
He was moments away.
Yeah, he gave him his mission statement.
He says, today you will be with me in paradise.
His heart is that none would perish, but all should have eternal life.
In Luke chapter three, Jesus tells three parables back to back of a lost sheep, a lost coin, a lost son.
The moral of the all three stories is the same.
Jesus is willing to leave all of the found ones to save the lost one.
Do you know the story of the lost sheep makes no sense?
You've got 99 sheep who are saved, flipped half or cared for, and you lose one.
Well, if I'm in business, 99% return is good.
Yeah, are we all good?
But Jesus says, no, no, no.
I care so much.
You guys just stick together, help each other, protect each other, and I'm going after the one who's lost.
I'm not willing.
Jesus is not willing for one to perish.
I was speaking to a lady before after the service, and she was talking about her son and the problem she has with her son, and she said it's almost impossible for him to come to Christ.
I said, no, no, he can't be too far gone.
We don't know how far gone that sheep was.
He could have been in 10 fields over, but Jesus was prepared to jump over the fence, run through the fields, to grab the one sheep.
But it was gone and say, I'm here to seek that which is lost.
Now, I've only lost, I want to finish this story.
I've only ever lost a child once.
I told this story before, but I'm going to put a different angle on it.
When Justice, I think he was either six or seven, he was... And we were in Sainsbury's, my daughter was with us, and I turned out
Where two kids, one was a stayer, one was a runner.
It's normally the trend in families.
If you've got more than two kids and you've got two or three runners, you're in trouble.
I'm just putting it there.
Miracle was a stayer.
She just stayed beside me.
She just loves to be close.
But justice is a different story.
That kid runs.
He runs for his life.
And I turned around.
We're in the cereals.
I turned around and he's gone.
And your heart, as a parent, just oof.
And so I'm running around, saying, he's trying to find him.
So I head to where I thought, if I go to the exit, if I hit the exit, at least I know.
And as I'm getting to the exit, there's a lady walking in with my son.
And she's like, is this anyone's son?
I'm like, no, it's not mine.
I was not mine.
I said, yes, he's mine.
He's mine to justice that comes running in.
He doesn't care one little bit.
Now, imagine this story.
Imagine this scenario.
It didn't happen, but I want you to imagine it did happen.
Imagine as I am
running around Sainsbury's desperately trying to find my lost son.
My daughter is tugging on my jacket.
Daddy, daddy, can I have a snack?
Daddy, daddy, can I go to the toilet?
Who knows that that is not important when I'm looking for my lost son.
Do you know that can be the picture of the church?
We can be pulling on the curtails and trying to
get upset about what's not happening in church and what is, and they offended me.
And God is saying, yeah, but what is the mission?
You don't need a snack.
You need to go and find the person who's lost.
Sometimes we get so caught up in church snacks and church politics and the little things.
And she said this and he said that, that we start becoming internal instead of external.
We start looking inwards instead of outwards.
And I want to encourage you this year, we are a church on mission.
We are looking in Sainsbury's for the last child.
We're looking for the last one, the one without hope.
The heart of the father is yes, he sees you, he loves you.
He's seeking after them.
As a church on mission this year, let's not get caught up in anything that can distract us from the mission.
If you've got a fence against Chantal or I, anyone in this church, I will encourage you.
It's just a snack compared to the Great Commission, which is to go after, to seek and to save that
which is lost.
Don't be distracted.
Don't be because things will come and they'll come and they come to us too.
Put it right.
People say to me all the time, when you're going to teach on the end times, when you unveil the seven scrolls and unpack the seven seals.
We're going to do that in Bible study.
We're going to do that.
But when people come into this atmosphere, we're going to give them hope.
We're gonna give them help.
We're gonna love them.
It's not that those things aren't important.
It's just, I can't change any of those things.
The only thing we can do is point people to Jesus.
The greatest use of a human life is to point people to Jesus.
To all of our students, God has brought you here.
God has brought you here to the NUA, to the UEA.
We're so grateful that you said yes to Norwich, it's the finest city.
But you're on mission.
You're on mission this year.
Your number one assignment isn't your assignment, it's this assignment.
No one can reach the UEA apart from you lot.
And we commission you to go on his great commission.
God has brought you here to seek and to save those students who are lost.
Lost people matter to God.
The question is, do lost people matter to me?
So we're out with focused.
And if it annoys you that this year, we're gonna be extra out with focused, I'm sorry.
But as I say, time is short.
And so that's the mission for 2026.
That's the great commission.
Will you accept it?
Will you come on board?
That's the mission mandate.
We're on Mission Church.
We've got a city, a county, a nation to reach with the love of Jesus.
It's our time.
We're gonna preach the gospel more this year.
I felt compelled to preach the gospel.
You say, well, I hear, I hear, I know what the gospel is.
You've got many, many people done.
I figured if we keep preaching the gospel, maybe you'll understand how to do it and maybe you'll be able to do it as well in your workplace to talk to people from the start to the end and lead them.
to Jesus.
Now, we've got a gift for you.
Those in the room.
I'm gonna ask the host team just to hand them out now.
It'll get a little bit, sound a bit like Christmas in here for the next few moments.
It's a little sticker that says on mission and a wristband that says on mission with Matthew 28, 19.
We do this because it's a reminder that when you wake up tomorrow on Monday morning, you're on mission.
You say, well, I don't really like Mondays, or you got a mission.
Mission Monday.
To share the love of Jesus.
To look out for the loss, the broken, the hurting.
There's a little sticker in there as well.
You can put it on your phone, your laptop, the cat, anywhere.
You're going to see it regularly.
I'm joking.
Don't send emails.
Some of you don't like wearing wristbands.
I get that.
Would you just put it on just for this moment, because we're going to pray in a moment?
Because we're on mission.
This is our mission mandate.
We're equipping you.
All right.
Shh.
Okay.
You can recycle your little piece of plastic.
You can put it in the bin on the way out.
Be a good steward of God's planet.
Our third and final mandate is this.
All right.
Our mission requires action.
Jesus said in the Great Commission, therefore go.
So that's what we're going to do.
God never moves through good intention.
He moves for obedience.
Seeing is not enough.
Agreeing is not enough.
Praying is not even enough.
Our mission requires action.
So we've got to move this year.
Chantal and I, we want to motivate you through the gospel to have someone sitting with you in church.
This time next year, who does not know Christ, who's found him.
When God asked the people of Israel, whom shall I send?
Isaiah said this, he spoke up and he said, here I am,
Send me.
Here I am.
Do you know your smile?
You holding a door?
You giving someone a hug?
You serving in the supermarket?
You putting your time in the container?
You sharing the love of Jesus with someone at university could be the one thing that saves a life.
I want to finish with this story.
On anointing Sunday, an individual came down the front and I happened to pray for them.
And they said, can I just share a story with you?
They said, on Christmas Eve, I'd made a decision to take my life.
I planned it, I bought everything I needed to.
And they said that before they carried it, carried through,
They wanted to come and make their peace with God at Christmas Eve service here.
When they came into this atmosphere of love and care and the smiles and the hugs and the friendship in this place, God spoke to them and said, you can't carry this on.
They made a decision to not go through with it.
We're supporting and we're counseling.
We're loving that individual.
Why am I telling that story?
Because you don't know when your own mission, that your mission is saving lives.
I don't know who offered the hug or the bed, the love of Christ in an outward focused way.
Church, so many lives depend on what we do.
We can be a gathering church or we can be a going church.
But this year, our focus is to be a going church, to go into all the world
Those who are on the edge, those who are on the brink, those who are hurting, hungry, broken, destitute, those who feel like they cannot live one ever day.
God, here I am.
Send me.
You say, I'm going to accept the mission today.
I want you to stand to your feet.
And I want you to lift up our hand with a little band on.
It's just a sign to say, God, I'm on mission this year.
Here I am.
Send me.
Here I am, here I am.
I know I've got a lot of, got a lot of my own issues, but I'm deciding this year.
God, I don't need another snack.
God, I'm focused on who's lost.
I'm focused on the lost person at school, uni college, in my workplace.
God, here I am, send me.
God, use me this year.
Use my smile, use my hug.
I don't feel like I have a lot.
I don't even know if I have the confidence to share my story.
But God, I have something.
So here I am.
Use me.
Send me.
I want you to lift your hand and say, I'm on mission.
I'm on mission 2026.
I'm on mission.
I'm searching.
I'm seeking for those who are lost in my world.
Thank you, Jesus.
Lord, you see every hand right now.
We are an army, Father God, on mission to serve the greatest cause on earth, Jesus Christ.
And Lord, we would lay our differences aside.
We would lay down the small things.
Lord, we don't need any more Christian snacks, Father God.
Lord, you've already given us enough.
And so we march forward this day.
We move forward with Jesus beside us, Father.
We're gonna take ground, Father God.
We're gonna see countless souls.
find Jesus in 2026.
If you believe it, come on, let's sing this out together.
In Jesus' name.
Growing up, I was always taught that mission was a place.
You go on mission.
You know, mission isn't a place.
Mission is a person.
And actually, God this year was to send you to a person.
Now, that's out of place.
And it could be a broad.
It could be in a different city.
I'm not going to get it.
play on words, but mission is always a person.
God's mission this year is for you to seek and to save that which is lost.
So I want you just to think about a person right now who's lost.
Like that mother did with her child earlier to me.
I want you to think about someone, maybe they're so far gone.
Maybe they even, they hate the church or they're so anti God, you're thinking how on earth God, could you ever reach that person?
God can reach the furthest heart, but He will use you as part of His process.
You are His hands and His feet to this world.
So if you have a person right now in mind, I want you to lift your hand right now.
Nobody, nobody is too far gone.
Nobody is too old.
What, right now?
Every hand represents a soul this year who's lost.
And your heart is to seek and to save those who are lost.
So we pray for sons and daughters, for dads and mums, for grandparents, for neighbors, for work colleagues, for those who sit in our lecture theatres, Father, who are so far away from you that you would right now begin to work on their hearts, Lord.
As we go on mission with kindness and love and care,
that you would Father give us doors this year to walk through, to share the gospel.
Give us words, Father God, to melt the hardest hearts.
We pray for a harvest of souls in 2026.
The fields are white unto harvest.
May there be many laborers in your vineyard here in Soul Church in Jesus' name.
Amen.
We're on mission.
I want to just pray for one more group of people, and we're going to get out of here.
I know we've got a little bit late, but it's a special Sunday.
I want to ask you this one question.
Please, if you can just stay still just for one moment, it's the most important time of the service.
I want to give you an opportunity to receive Jesus.
You say you've heard that today, and as you were speaking about that lost sheep, that lost coin, that
that lost person or that you are that lost person.
You feel lost, maybe a friend brought you here today.
You feel away from God or you just never had relationship with God, but you feel like, man, I am lost and God, I need you to save me today.
My life is tore up.
Done so many things that I'm ashamed of.
I'm hurting, I'm lonely, I'm broken.
Whatever your situation is, God wants to meet you where you're at today.
And the church's mission
is to help you find Jesus, is to help you today.
So if you say, John, I'm lost, but I wanna ask Jesus to help me find purpose in this life, hope for this life, and assurance that one day when I leave this life, I'll spend eternity in heaven with him.
If that's you all over this room.
online.
Here's what I want you to do if you're in the room.
I want you to just lift up your hand right now and say, I need Jesus.
I need Jesus.
Just lift it up all around this room.
Lift it up nice and high.
Wait a minute.
I need Jesus today.
God bless you.
I need Jesus.
Lift it up nice and high.
Maybe just bring the house side to have a fraction.
I need Jesus, just lift your hand up one second, I can't see everyone.
Okay, if you lift it up your hand, I want you to come right now.
You come, come down the front, I want to pray for you.
You come, even if you didn't lift up your hand, if you say I need Jesus, I want you to come, come out of your seat.
Come down, come down the front.
That's it.
You come.
Bring a friend, if you want to bring a friend.
If you lift it up your hand, you come.
We'll wait for you, come on, we'll keep cheering, we're gonna wait.
People come in to Jesus.
You come right now and you set that prayer for your heart and you know that you need Jesus as your Lord and Savior.
That's it.
You come.
Incredible.
Amazing.
It takes a lot of courage to step out of your seat.
We'll wait for you.
Amazing.
That's it.
You come.
to say a prayer right now and it's a prayer from the heart.
What it does is it transitions us from our old life, trying to get through life on our own, our sin, our baggage.
We let go of that and we come into a new life of Jesus.
He wants you to know today that all of your sin, your mistakes from your past, you're leaving here at the full of the cross.
So when you accept Jesus, he forgives all of your past, all of your sin.
And we've all set this prayer at some point in this room.
And the Bible then causes a new creation.
We're literally created again.
It's where you heard the word born again, Christian.
Sounds a bit weird, I get it.
But what it is is we find new life.
The old life lets us down, but new life, Jesus will never fail us and never let us down.
So I want us to say this prayer to God out loud.
Dear Lord Jesus, thank you for dying for me.
To forgive all my sins and failures.
I believe that you rose from the dead so that I could have a brand new life.
Please come into my heart and help me by the power of the Holy Spirit, to trust and to live for you.
Amen.
Can we congratulate everyone who set that prayer?
This is Ben.
Ben, just give us a wave.
Ben and his wife Patricia, they're going to be in, there's a little chapel.
We're going to give you a Bible and some information.
He's going to slip into there and then come straight back into the service.
So why don't you just head to my left, you're right.
Let's give these guys a big hand as they receive their Bibles.
I'm going to come down and shake your hands as well.
We're on mission, 2026.
We're not snacking.
We're going.
We're going into our workplaces, into our universities, our colleges, and we're going to share the greatest love story ever.
That Jesus is the hope of the world.
Amen.
God bless you.
If you said yes to Jesus today by saying the Salvation Prayer, we'd love for you to email connections at soulchurch.com.
So we can talk to you a little bit more about this incredible decision you've just made.
And if at any point in the service, you felt moved to give towards any of our local or global initiatives, head to soulchurch.com.
And don't forget to stay connected with us on Facebook, Instagram, and YouTube by searching at Soul Church UK.
Take care and God bless.